238
	Another interesting number.
314
	it's an integer that i like, and 3:14 is an interesting time.
=^)
	A smiley i occassionally use. i like having a nose.
accidentally went down too many stairs and ended up in "second-basement"...
	remnicient of dream-like logic and similar liminal feelings.
bojler eladó
	“boiler for sale” in hungarian, a popular hungarian meme phrase.
but to answer that, we need to talk about parallel universes.
	references pannenkoek2012's "SM64 - Watch for Rolling Rocks - 0.5x A Presses (Commentated)" video.
	acknowledges the entire sm64 speedrunning, challenge and otherwise community.
Catholic Christian!
	i am designing the game with avoiding-tempting-players-into-sin in mind.
creature-friends?
	the game is likely to have a variety of creature-sapients.
Cubic Chunks!
	the game will have cubic chunks, meaning one can be above/below another.
did you accidentally build the school 30 stories tall again?
	a reference to the "Wayside School" books, especially the original 3.
dragons?
	eventually there will probably be dragons and dragonoids.
Early in development
	the game is currently still in very early in development.
everyone always forgets about nickel, beryllium and other elements, BUT I DIDN'T
	elements are very cool.
flerovian and noct!
	words i generally like and use to describe certain flavors of my fantasy themed ideas.
	also references provious game/other ideas, like "Lands of Fleradove".
fluffy-things?
Hatchetflash, Hatchetflare, Hatchetflair or other?
	I still don't feel certain about what the game's name should be.
have a lovely day!
	you also, the person reading this!
have fun!
hello! -pixer
	hello! -pixer who's typing up these window-splash-texts.
hexagons are the bestagons!
	hexagons are a cool tileable shape.
icosahedrons are so pretty!
	they really are, imagine little carryable icosahedrons of material.
i^2 = -1
Ka-jackelmonoque, Quatuuvix.
	fun sounding words i thought of a while ago.
	bastardized segments of trying to pronounce the alphabet as one word.
lumber and wood types?
	the game takes some amount of inspiration from games like LT2 and Oaklands.
made with godot!
	the game is currently being made in godot.
picks are great for breaking up hard ground.
	refutes the common game concept of picks only being used to mine through solid stone.
(probably) not a horror game. =)
	it would hypothetically be very easy to add more horror-ish elements into the game.
	part of a sortof inside joke with someone.
rhombic dodecahedrons?
	an interesting 3d shape.
sands, deserts and beaches?
	although they aren't in the game yet, stuff like that would be lovely to have if executed well.
seme!? ala kijetesantakalu!?
	references the toki pona conlang, also that the game doesn't have raccoons.
:sparkles:
	I commonly react to things with a sparkle emoji. (what, it's fun!)
STEEEVOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
	a reference to "carlsagan42" and "Stevo" (a mario maker troll-level creator.)
sticks and strawberries?
	a classic splash. the question mark is because those don't currently exist.
tau > pi
	i believe tau is the true circle constant, and also literally: 6.28 > 3.14
tesseracts are cool!
	a tesseract is the four-dimensional analogue of the cube.
That lovely azure color inbetween blue and purple?
That lovely rose color slightly magenta-shifted from red?
	Just colors I tend to like.
Unincorporated!
	corporations are very money-oriented by design, so i want us to stay like this.
Weaire–Phelan structure?
	like a 3D analogue to hexagons in having the most volume but least surface area when tesselated.
when you open a closet but it's actually a different room which is a weird dusty furniture-less reflection of the other room...
	dream-like logic and liminal-space-esque-ness.
"WOAH, 3D The Blockheads!?1"
	a reference to the game: "the blockheads" by David Frampton.
	also a reference to joke phrases like "2D Minecraft", "3D Terraria", etc.
'you ever splatted a 'squiter with a femur bone?
	A reference to "Secret of Evermore" (SNES).
